Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
29-68. Code two.
Just advise. repeat.
911. What is the address
of the emergency?
Somebody got shot!
Boys. come here.
Y'all boys come here! Come here!
Come here. Stay over here.
-You sure she got shot?
-Yes!
Oh my God! Why did she do this?
Wake up.
Okay. they're going
as fast as they can. Where is it?
Right here! Right here!
We need medical aid right there.
She's on the ground!
Hold on.
Oh my God!
I'm in front. I'm in front.
Sheriff's office.
Come outside with your hands up!
It's the Marion County Sheriff's Office!
Monday.
June 5th. 2023. 9:38 a.m.
We're out at the incident location.
Just doing a canvass.
Okay.
Sheriff's office.
Sheriff's office!
Hello. Good morning.
I'm good. I'm with
the sheriff's office. I'm the detective.
We're investigating the incident
that happened on Friday night.
You mind if I sit?
Well. the chair's broken.
Let me go get you a chair.
How long
you been living here?
About three years.
Has she lived here
the whole time. or something different?
No. she moved in after we did.
Maybe two years she's been here.
-If I'm not mistaken. I'm not sure...
-That's fine.
So approximately two years.
But from my understanding.
everybody. all the kids.
has problems with this lady.
-What grade ya in?
-Fifth…
Okay. so you just finished
fifth grade and you're going into sixth.
I want to discuss
a truth versus a lie. okay?
I'm going to give you a few
examples here for a second. okay?
If I were to tell you
that there was a little girl.
and she came in this room.
and she colored all the walls red
with a crayon.
and then she came outside
and told me she didn't do it…
-Is that the truth or a lie?
-That's a lie.
Okay. And if
she colored them all red.
then she went outside and said.
"I did that. Detective Pinder…"
-Would that be the truth?
-Yes.
Okay. When we talk today.
can we only talk about true things?
Yes.
Have you ever
seen this lady before?
Multiple times. yeah.
Multiple times.
She doesn't like people playing
around. over where. like. she lives.
like. in that grass over there.
Because… she thinks
that it's her property.
Okay.
Um. and was she…
Do you remember her saying anything else?
That I'm going
to report this to the police.
-Okay.
-Us playing around the area.
097 in progress.
What did you call for?
I called because the lady across the
street on the phone hit me with a sign.
Her children were walking their dog
on the property.
It clearly says. "No Trespassing."
And they're always walking the dog.
The dog's always taking a crap.
There's poop on the sidewalk.
All kinds of stuff.
I said. "Can you keep the dog over there?"
I was going to take a picture of her dog
and she said.
"Don't take a picture of my children."
And I'm like. "Nah."
And then she just got in my face
and she picked up the sign
and threw it at me.
And it hit me in the leg.
-Your name?
-My name is Susan Lorincz.
-Susan. Spell that last name.
-L-O-R-I-N-C-Z.
What was
that sign you mentioned?
Want me to get it?
I mean. you can see
she really threw it at me.
She shouldn't have removed the sign.
It's the landlord's sign.
I was actually going to buy this
apartment. After this. I'm leaving.
I'm not going to buy the quad.
I see a smirk
on your face. You already know?
-That she called the police on me?
-Yes. I see you're on the phone.
-With that little smirk.
-Because this is… this is…
It's funny. because
I'm the one that never comes outside
and says anything to her. but today.
I just happened to feel it.
First of all. before she moved in.
this big open space right here.
all the kids. they like to play kickball.
football. in the space.
She moves in. "I don't want y'all playing
over here. it's private property."
I told her. "No. you can't tell them.
technically. if they're not in
your personal. personal space.
that they can't walk the dog
or even throw their football over here."
"Oh. but you Black people always just…"
Okay. all right. whatever.
That doesn't move me.
She's basically. like.
ramming the sign in my face.
She went to pick it back up.
I picked the sign up and I threw the sign.
I literally picked the sign up.
and as I walked off. I threw the sign.
I said. "I can go and buy a sign too.
It still doesn't mean anything."
But she did say it was thrown her way.
-Yeah. I did toss it. I'm not gonna lie.
-But it hit her.
-I didn't hit her with the sign.
-Not deliberately. yes.
Do you have your information.
or do you want me to…
Ma'am.
can I talk to you real quick?
-Me?
-Yes. ma'am.
Did you see anything?
No. sir. I didn't.
No. I just came outside.
Did your daughter tell you
that she saw anything?
Well. she did tell me
that they were arguing
and that. I guess she had
picked up a sign and. like. just. like.
when she picked up the sign.
and she walked away
and threw it behind her.
And… But it didn't hit the lady
or anything. But that was it.
But I will say that that lady…
I didn't see anything.
But I will say that that lady is
always messing with people's kids.
She's always...
She's always trying to record the kids
and always talking crap.
But I didn't see anything. so I can't say.
Okay. All righty.
Pronounce your first name.
Ajike.
How's it going?
Say it. another day.
-All right. well. just call me.
-Hey. ma'am.
-Did you see anything?
-Yeah. She didn't touch that lady.
She just took the thing out the ground.
and that was it.
-What thing?
-The thing. The no trespassing thing.
No. she didn't throw it at her leg.
-She did not throw the damn thing…
-…because I never go.
-No. she didn't throw it.
-She kind of tossed it.
Shut up. he's not over here
talking to you.
She just set it down.
and the lady just happened to be there.
She didn't throw it at the lady.
She didn't touch the lady or nothing.
All she did was tell the lady
to stop yelling at her kids.
That lady yells
at everybody's kids out here.
Okay. Well. I mean.
I wouldn't go over there anymore.
She might not like it
because I'm a Black female.
It's harassing people. like.
you don't own this.
You can't tell people…
The more she says it.
of course the children don't go
because they know.
Okay. what does that mean?
Can't go over there.
That's fine.
I mean. if it's hers. it's hers.
It doesn't matter
if it's not hers.
She rents there. just like you rent here.
You wanted somebody trespassed
from right here.
you called us.
and we saw them on the property.
they'd be trespassed. and next time
we came out. they'd go to jail.
Okay?
-It's the way that works.
-All right. I mean…
You have the same right
as she does.
I mean… She doesn't want them over there.
The landlord put a sign there
for a reason.
-It is what it is.
-All right.
-Okay?
-Absolutely.
I'm sorry.
Okay. No problem at all.
I understand how you feel.
Believe me. That's why I got a house.
This is our last year.
Prayerfully. This is it.
Case closed!
I'm gonna write it up as a battery.
Just no arrests can be made at this time.
Okay.
The fact that I didn't actually get her
throwing the sign at me?
With nobody. and nobody
actually saying that they saw it.
No independent witnesses
that are credible. so…
-How convenient.
-All righty?
-Thank you so much.
-Yes. ma'am.
You need anything else?
No. we're just gonna
go on a walk really quick.
I'm sorry. He's a big baby.
I love fur babies.
What's his name?
What's that baby's name?
Cash.
Cash money.
We're talking to people.
If anybody heard or saw anything
or know anything
about the people involved or anything.
To be honest. sir.
all I know is that lady. the Black lady?
-She was always with her kids.
-Right.
She wasn't a threat or anything.
-At all whatsoever.
She has a little infant.
about two or three years old.
She's always in the house with him.
The two little boys and the little girl.
they are the ones
that's always outside playing.
I've never heard anything negative
about this lady or anything.
Ajike. as a mom.
she was like the mom.
She was a manager for McDonald's.
You know. Ajike would switch
her schedule around.
You know. "I can't work this day.
or can't do this. I can't do that"
just so she can be there for her kids.
Someone who sacrificed
for the children to have private school.
football lessons. gymnastics.
dance. everything.
She would tell me
that there was this white woman
that lived across the street
that was always. you know.
antagonizing the kids
and calling them names.
Why are they on private property
that they have no means…
I mean. they don't rent here.
Well. if those people
aren't complaining.
I can't get them off that property.
Well. then I'll send
a cease and desist order to them.
I'll have my lawyer do it.
There is. in the real estate laws.
you should know this.
that you have the right to peaceful.
quiet enjoyment of your property.
You know. that is in the law.
Well. that's civil. so we don't…
we don't really deal with that.
I understand.
but those kids shouldn't be over here.
Okay.
They shouldn't be screaming
and. you know. running around neither.
I mean. the parents aren't attending them.
obviously. they're just…
I understand it's a nuisance.
but I'd rather kids be screaming
'cause they're out here playing.
have a good time
than stealing cars and robbing people. so…
All right. Well. you have a good night.
What a fucking…
I own that building next door.
Apartment three.
Okay.
I put up a sign.
"Keep off the grass on my property line."
You put that up?
Yeah I told her. I says
I can't do any more than my property line.
And that's a very small portion.
The majority of the area
belongs to the other quad.
-Okay.
-That's where they play. mostly.
I'm having problems
with the neighbors' children.
They come up to me
and just scream like idiots.
And I finally lost my nerve today.
I just couldn't take it anymore.
I called the kids retards.
Then the mother comes screaming at me.
"Don't call my children retards.
I'm going to put you in a nursing home."
Um. is there anything I can do
with these people?
Because they are getting ridiculous.
I mean. I don't bug anybody.
I'm a single woman.
And I work from home.
You know. I'm peaceful.
I'm like the perfect neighbor.
You barely ever see me.
Number three.
I think one and two is on that side?
Hello. sheriff's office.
What's going on this evening?
Lots of children screaming
their fool heads off.
running around.
I had my truck parked in front of here.
so I didn't have to listen
to the screaming and yelling.
As soon as I moved the truck.
the kids are coming up.
I'm like. guys. stop.
They know they're not supposed to be
here. They've been told a million times.
And the little kid tells me
to shut up to my face.
I said. "Don't be disrespectful to me."
And he's exchanging words back and forth.
I'm like. "Listen. my name is Dr. Lorincz.
Don't tell me to shut up."
And he was calling me names and I'm like.
no. no. no. we're not going to do that.
I'm going
to go talk to these kids.
Hello. sheriff's office.
I'm Deputy Heckman.
Were any of you guys over here
messing with this lady?
No. We were playing football.
Hold on. Let me just say
one thing real quick.
Okay.
Because it's an open spot.
all of that is not her property.
So that man that does live right there.
he says that all the kids can play
because they like to play football
over there.
They literally.
they're nowhere near her property.
Y'all can watch her cameras.
They're right over there.
She will come outside. yell at them.
I have yelled at her before
because these are children.
I mean. everyone down this whole block
has yelled at this lady.
because of how she talks to the kids.
When someone.
when an adult says something.
now she wants to call the police.
Kids are just
trying to be kids. I understand.
-I totally understand that.
-Right.
What's going on. y'all?
This is the mom
that went over there and spoke to her.
-Y'all on school break yet?
-Yeah.
When did that start?
Um. like a week ago.
What? I know some people
aren't starting until tomorrow.
Ah. they got
dog doo-doo over here?
Ew. there's so much!
I'm sorry.
I want to step a little closer
because I can barely hear you.
I took my son to question
the one whose face that she was in.
And I sent the other two kids inside.
I said that's it. y'all done playing.
come inside.
We go in there and I knock on her door.
And immediately.
"Get the hell off my property."
"You are trespassing.
Get the hell off my property."
So I just said.
"Okay. I'm here with my son.
and I just want to ask you what happened
because I'm not out here."
And there have been times
where kids are going to be kids.
and she'll say something.
and they say something like "Okay. Karen."
-Or somethin' like that.
-Okay. sure.
I've always instructed my kids.
she's still an adult
at the end of the day.
You don't argue with her.
You come and you tell me.
Let me take it up with her.
Whose mom are you?
Any of them?
Well. they're all mine. I'm sorry. no.
My kids aren't really here. but
they are always outside playing with them.
So let me just talk to you guys
real quick. okay?
-Um. what kind of names did she call you?
-She calls us retards.
"Retards." the B-word. the P-word.
-She pulls up. she drives that truck.
-Right.
So she'll park it there.
Then she'll set her alarm off from inside.
That's what she said.
that she'll park her truck up here.
Then she'll come over.
"You guys are getting near my truck.
you're touching my truck."
So. the last time she did it.
I told all the kids.
I said… I was out here with my dog.
and I happened to see her pull there.
and they'll tell me.
"Mom. she set the alarm off.
We did not do anything to her truck."
So this particular day.
I told them. I said.
"Everybody come over here
and let's just see."
And sure enough. just randomly.
like every six minutes.
the alarm would go off
and nobody's even over there.
So. I'm like. go back and play.
Then she'll come outside.
"Oh. you guys are near my truck.
This is private property."
Lady. they weren't even over there
and you're setting off the alarm.
-Like. why don't you want kids to be kids?
-Just being mean.
They're not terrorizing the neighborhood.
They're not ringing your doorbell
and running.
They are playing football.
-They're not even messing with her.
-They're playing hide-and-go-seek.
-Like. seriously.
-Yeah.
Yes. ma'am.
I'll go let my partner know.
You know
what a devil's advocate is.
so that means I play both sides. right?
So I got to think of
both aspects of every situation.
So I was a kid once.
Everyone was a kid once.
We're all loud as kids.
we like to yell and scream and fight.
And so I get it.
But when it's close to someone's house.
sure. it gets a little annoying sometimes.
I won't lie. okay? But if you guys
have permission to be over there.
then. you know. I can't really
get on you guys too much.
But if someone's going on her property.
which is just her porch. it's not okay.
I'm not saying you did.
She's claiming you did.
I wasn't here to see it. so I can't… I
can't go one way or the other. all right?
She did have. like…
she has cameras. she records us.
Yeah. okay. So…
And I want you guys to run around.
hoot and holler all you can.
because I'd rather see you guys
outside playing
than on them TikToks. all right?
If she starts screaming at you guys.
I want you to go tell an adult.
Okay. I don't want you
to antagonize her. okay?
Because what happens is
when you guys antagonize her.
she can make you guys look bad.
And you guys are just
out here playing. right? Okay.
You guys understand everything. you kind
of get where I'm comin' from with that?
I want to make you guys
look like the good guys. okay?
-All righty.
-Thanks.
You're very welcome.
Mom said that
they were over here playing football.
The old man. I guess. lives over here.
They said
he comes out and plays with them.
Yeah. He has no problem with kids.
-She's the only problem.
-Yeah.
'Cause they were saying.
they'll be outside playing.
I was like. I get it. you guys are loud.
Like. yeah. sometimes.
-They're kids.
-Yeah.
They're like. even if we're not.
we'll just be sitting there.
and she'll scream at us.
And that's what Mom's said.
Nobody's even over there.
If the kids are just. like.
hanging out there in the open field.
she'll just set the car alarm off.
So she's just been…
I should get some Pop-Its for
New Year's and bring them back to them.
Right!
-Y'all have a good evening.
-Thank you.
Psycho.
It's an open field
for them to go play.
It's not an open field. It's two.
um. parcels that… one belongs to him.
One belongs to the neighbor.
It's not an open lot.
-So it doesn't even belong to you.
-I understand.
Okay. so we've instructed the kids
to not bother you.
Okay.
Or if you come out
and you say something to them.
they're supposed to go get their parents.
What about her threat
that she's going to come
and drag my ass and beat me?
Well. that's not what she said.
according to her.
Oh. no. Honest to God. she said that.
Well. at the end of the day.
it's she said-she said.
On top of what the kids said.
the kids said
that you came out and you were
coming at them in an aggressive manner
and they thought
that you were going to hurt them.
Oh. yeah. sure.
I have to believe you.
but I also have to believe them.
So. like I said.
it's all going to be documented.
If you'd like a copy of the report.
you can call the sheriff's office
and get documentation of it.
All right. Yeah. no. I would never. ever.
Yes. ma'am.
Unbelievable.
So. like I said. if there's
any future problems. just give us a call.
-I instructed them to do the same.
-Okay. Okay.
-Okay?
-Okay. Yeah.
Is there issues
with this person? Like…
If you check history
on dispatch from her phone number.
this is nonstop.
Then she got an air horn.
And she would open her door
and stand there.
-Scared the hell outta me.
-Yeah.
She would drive her pickup
and just go "Waaah!" Like. in the field.
And I mean.
she gunned her engine so hard.
I swear. I thought
one of these kids was hit.
I swear.
And she just kept on
flying out the neighborhood.
He pulls in.
and there's a lady in there ramming…
like. just ramming the gate
back and forth with her truck.
I don't know.
she obviously must've got locked in.
but I don't know what
she was doing back there to begin with.
because this gate's always locked
and there's signs. you know?
One other time a guy got locked in here.
and he called me
and he got let out. you know.
-All right.
-It's that simple.
This isn't open to the public.
You have to register. and…
All right.
well. give me one second.
2018 Nissan truck. gray. 1054…
Ah. she lives
right down the street.
-One minute!
-Jeez.
Sheriff's office.
What do you want?
-Are you Miss Susan?
-Yes. I am.
Can you step out here for a second?
-I was in bed.
-Okay.
-Hello.
-I am in a nightgown.
Okay. I just have a couple of questions.
My name is Deputy Paddock
with the Marion County Sheriff's Office.
-Okay.
-Where were you at today?
Um. here.
-You were here?
-Yeah.
Is that your pickup truck out there?
-Yes. it is.
-Okay.
I just have to read you something
before I ask anything else. okay?
Okay.
Did you let anybody
use your pickup truck today?
-No.
-No?
And by your knowledge.
your pickup truck was here the entire day?
I went out earlier today
because I had a flat.
Okay.
Do you mind just stepping out here
just for a second?
Okay. so I have to read you this
because I have to ask you
very direct questions.
-Okay.
-All right?
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can be used
against you in the court of law.
You have the right to talk to a lawyer
and have him present while questioned.
-If you can't afford to hire...
-Can I get something on? I'm freezing.
No. Come back.
Come back. No. no. no. no. no.
Let me just get something on.
Do you understand each of these rights
as I've explained them to you?
Yes.
Having these rights in mind.
do you wish to talk to me now?
-No.
-What?
-No?
Okay.
So. since you don't want
to talk to me.
what I'll have to do is
I'll go and find the truck driver
that saw you there.
-Yeah.
-And do a photo lineup.
And then when he identifies you.
the person is willing
to want to press charges.
So I'll come back here.
I've already asked you.
You told me you don't want to talk to me.
Anything else you say
I wouldn't be able to use at all.
So I'm not going to go forward with this.
If you don't want to talk to me.
that's fine. That's your choice.
I didn't realize what it was. I'm sorry.
You realize what it was because you
pretty much started saying it beforehand.
And now you've said that you don't.
I'm not going to do that.
Okay. I was taking medication.
That's why I didn't want to talk.
I'm sorry. I panicked.
And then the guy locked me in there.
I thought…
I'm sorry. I've been previously raped
and beaten.
And so I panicked.
I mean. I really panicked.
And then I thought I was in trouble.
Like. I thought
someone was going to harm me.
Okay. So. here's the issue
that we're going to have.
All right? He wants
somebody to pay for his gate.
because you severely damaged his gate.
I also severely damaged my truck.
I'm not kidding. I just freaked out.
Okay. well. I'll go down there
and talk to him. okay?
-I was trying to get out.
-I getcha.
Susan.
she would come out and scream.
And the language.
Around these little kids!
-That Susan would use?
-Yeah. Oh ho ho!
Describe to me
what she was saying.
The F-word. The B-word.
B-word and F-word.
She called them slaves.
She told them
that the field that they were on
wasn't the Underground Railroad.
Calling the little kids "niggers"
and all this and all of that.
Are you guys chasing
a dog around here?
Chasing a dog? What color is it?
I don't know.
What color is it?
You guys chasing a dog or trying
to put a dog into a car or something?
-No. The Karen called.
-The Karen called.
She's saying…
I don't know why she keeps
trying to waste her time.
The kids are just playing
around here. right?
Excuse me. He wants to talk to you.
-She came out and started talking smack.
-And she flipped me off.
She's flipped him off.
because this is public space.
I dealt with this before.
let me go talk to this guy.
-I just came outside.
-How you doing. sir?
Nine times out of ten.
that lady probably called.
I know.
You know what I'm sayin'?
The kids always play.
They always play over there. This man
over here say they can play in the grass.
She's… I don't know if she's
schizophrenic. bipolar. I don't know.
Are these rentals or do you buy them?
-Rentals.
-These are rentals?
So you can buy some.
I mean. I think she owns hers.
But it doesn't even come
with property. does it? It's just a house.
I don't think so.
-'Cause if it's a duplex. it wouldn't.
-She does it all the time.
Oh. I know. I've been here.
I've been here when they were
playing tag and "trespassing."
-She do it all the time.
-I'll go talk to her.
I'm gonna go talk to her.
Is she going to yell at us?
She asks…
Every time I walk past. she thinks
we're trying to steal her truck.
-Or by her truck!
-We're not even… We're 11!
Okay. yeah.
Do you even know how to drive?
No!
-Hello. How are you?
-Good. Is it Susan?
-Yes.
-Okay. What's going on?
The kid from across the street
and his little buddies.
they are over here.
they're stepping on the signs and stuff.
He brings out a puppy.
He wants to put his puppy in my truck.
-I don't go for that.
-In the bed of your truck?
-Yeah.
-Who?
This little child who posed for me
because he thought
he was being so bloody cute.
That little child.
-He was the one that put the dog in?
-He was trying to.
What kind of dog was it?
-Just a little small dog.
-Okay.
She calls the police every day.
You're acting
like a bunch of kids.
-Yeah! 'Cause we are kids.
-I know.
Duh!
That's why we don't worry about it.
His mother has literally attacked me.
Picked up the sign and threw it at me.
I literally don't do anything over here.
I'm quiet.
You know. I expect
my neighbors to be respectful.
Okay?
I apologize
this happened as well.
-She not come to the door?
-She did.
-I was trying to talk to her.
-Okay.
Did you explain to her that
there doesn't need to be a call
every time a kid's playing
on the road or in the yard?
Well. apparently.
they've been stomping…
That one looks like
it's stomped out. too.
Apparently. they've been
stomping out her signs
and running past her windows
and screaming
and. like. ding-dong ditching her
and are knocking on the door.
There does come a point
where you kind of have to accept
that you live with a bunch of kids.
But she's also the only one
that ever calls.
Yeah.
But this bossy one.
you need to take her to jail!
-I ain't takin' her to jail.
-She's bossy!
We're gonna take off.
but can you guys just do me a favor?
You're bossy! Bossy!
Just keep an eye on your kids
and make sure they don't go over there?
Because I think we all
appreciate not getting a bunch of calls
to come over here
over and over about nothing.
We all kind of know what the deal is.
This is. like. six. seven times.
I think it's like twice a week.
And you know what?
When I was growing up. I was doin' all
the same stuff that these kids were doing.
-Yeah.
-I was probably…
Allegedly. Maybe. I don't know.
I was probably bothering one of my
older neighbors that hated kids. you know?
You know? I'm not saying it's right.
Back in our day. though.
if you were doing that.
they could just come out and threaten you.
-Yeah.
-Come out with the belt. you know?
Yeah. Yeah.
But then you know what? You ran like hell.
I come from the era
where your parents are so cool.
and you got your ass whooped there.
and then you got…
-Really?
-Yeah. Yeah. me too.
I get it. I understand.
Like. they're kids.
And that's why we don't… we don't
come out acting all crazy about it.
We all… All the parents are cool.
I look out for them
just like I look out for my own.
Do you know what
that kid in the red shirt's name is?
-Which one?
-The one right there.
-The little short one?
-Yeah.
Ahh. Nope.
What's your… Afrika? Afrika?
What's your brother name?
My big brother? Isaac.
Red shirt? Izzy.
Does he have a little puppy?
-Nah.
-Yes.
She's saying he was trying to put the dog
in the back of the truck.
-In the back of the truck?
-You think he can even lift that dog?
That dog is bigger than him.
The poodle is bigger than him.
Literally. Like. that dog is…
That dog stands this tall.
about this wide around.
-He can't lift that dog.
-He can try.
Well. y'all need anything from us.
or are we good? Okay.
See you guys.
Bye!
All right. y'all have fun.
The neighbors and I would
all talk about well. why didn't she move?
I said. when I moved in here.
she told me she was moving out.
She kept
saying she was moving.
In March. in February.
and I was just wondering
why she ain't never got out of here yet.
They just keep…
They're trespassing. trespassing.
Called an officer out last night.
nobody shows up.
I guess the mother of the children
may have interceded.
She was out there waiting.
I mean. I just have
the burnt sign that they threw.
I'm like. all right.
you're sending me a message.
Thank you so much.
You want to see them go to jail.
or do some sort of recourse for it?
Yes. absolutely.
I like being honest with everybody
so they know exactly
what's set down and done for them.
This is basically just gonna be
an official police document
because you don't have video proof…
I know.
…of the arson and the criminal mischief.
So it will just be a police document.
more or less.
Another day happened that
my friend told me that the lady over there
showed the kids that she had a gun.
We were just playing over there.
and then she was waving her gun
and Isaac and all of them were like. run!
And we were hiding
behind this car right here.
And every time
the basketball would go up there.
I would be on my P's and Q's.
Like. 'cause I ain't trying to get shot
just for going on her driveway type shit.
Maybe. like. two days before that?
About two days
before she showed this gun?
Yes.
What were you doing that day
during the daytime hours
when the sun was out on Friday?
Well. me and my dad
and my friends were playing a game.
She was taking pictures of us playing.
Why is she recording us?
There's nothing to record!
Line up. let's go!
My little brother.
he came and got me.
and he said the old. no offense.
but he said the old white lady outside is
acting crazy.
So I'm like. oh. damn. I'm like.
let me come see what that's about.
So I was outside
playing basketball.
and I just see a pair of roller skates
flying at Izzy.
So me and then Izzy came over here.
He said the woman had a tablet.
I guess the woman took it
and he came over there and said
she threw roller skates at him.
So me and Isaac went over there.
And then she came out
and with the umbrella
and started swinging it.
and called us a jack A-S-S.
Next thing I heard him say
was. "Izzy. go get Mom."
911. What is the address
of your emergency?
We got kids trespassing. standing
there. leaving all the toys around.
just screaming. yelling.
just being absolutely obnoxious.
I went and threw the roller skates
over to the other side.
The kid says.
"I'm going to beat you up for that."
Is he out there right now?
Yeah. there are
several kids out there now.
I'm fearing for my life.
I'm very scared.
Were there
any weapons involved?
No.
And the kid's saying I took his iPad
and all this other shady shit
that isn't true.
I don't like the kids threatening
me that they'll beat me up.
that they're going to get
someone else to kill me.
This is just ridiculous.
They just keep badgering me
and badgering me.
I'm just sick of these children.
Now that they're home from school.
it's like. you know.
craziness.
All right.
we do want you to avoid that person
and then keep your doors
and windows locked.
An officer will be dispatched
as soon as possible.
Do you want the officer to contact you?
Please. Yes.
All right.
Because what's going to happen is.
his mom's gonna go
and wait for the officer.
and run and say.
"Oh my God." I was threatening her kid.
Which just isn't true.
All right.
I'm going to go ahead and let you go.
but please call us back
if anything changes
or if you get any further information
or if they do leave. okay?
Okay. thanks.
Izzy's mom came outside.
and then she started all mad.
she started walking to.
to the lady's house.
and then she started banging on her.
like. slide open door.
and then regular door.
And it's not like
somebody's throwing their body
against the door
trying to open it and just pounding on it.
Like I said. let me in.
I hear knocking
like dun. dun. dun.
And then she didn't answer.
and then I hear her knocking again.
but this time louder. like dun. dun. dun.
Thud. thud. thud.
And as the thudding was going on.
a woman was screaming
like at the top of her lungs.
In a. like. mad voice.
She said.
"Why did you take my son's tablet?"
She said. "Come outside.
bitch." or something like that.
"I know you hear me outside. bitch."
Something like that.
Where was the lady at.
the woman with the blonde hair?
Where did she go?
She was inside her house.
Did you hear
the blonde woman say anything at all?
No.
Did this…
This one. two. three?
Was this over a long or a short period?
It was just
those literally two knocks.
That's all she got was two knocks.
And then bang!
Call 911!
Hey. call 911!
Please!
She shot my mom!
-Who shot your mom?
-The Karen!
With a freaking gun!
911. what is the address
of the emergency?
I think somebody just got shot.
I heard one shot and everybody screaming
"Call the police. call the police."
I think somebody got shot.
Y'all boys stay over here!
Somebody call 911!
My neighbor has been
screaming at the kids outside.
And all of a sudden. I heard
what to me sounded like a gunshot.
It's the old lady
that always calls the cops over here.
It looks like
we're receiving multiple calls
in reference to this also.
-911. what is the address?
-His mom got shot.
His mom got shot!
Hey. is your mom laying in the ground?
Yes!
911. what's the address
of the emergency?
1662 Southwest 107th Lane.
Oh my God. this lady just tried
to break down my door.
I shot through the door.
Oh my God!
Okay. what is your name?
Susan Lorincz.
Okay.
take a deep breath for me. calm down.
I didn't know what to do.
I grabbed my gun and I shot at the door
and I thought she was gonna kill me.
Did you know her?
Yes.
She's come after me several times
because of her children.
her children keep trespassing over here.
They're bothering me and bothering me.
They won't fucking stop.
Do you see the male
subject. or you just see the female?
Her boys were here earlier.
They keep leaving their garbage
all around the house.
And then I told them
to take the crap away.
get the fuck outta here.
Wake up. Hey. wake up.
Wake up. wake up. wake up.
Come on. come on. Come on.
-Wake up. Hey. wake up.
-Please!
-What's going on?
-Please hurry and get here.
Right here!
Right here! Right here!
-And where...
-Right here! Right here!
She's on the ground.
Code one.
Marion Primary.
Hold on.
Oh my God!
-She got pulse. She said she's got pulse.
-Very faint. Very faint.
This lady's been planning
to do this for the longest time. bro!
-No exit.
-Baby. wake up!
Still someone with a gun.
I have one down.
I have one elderly female barricaded
in the house with a single zero.
Wake up! Baby. wake up!
I'm up front. I'm up front.
Sheriff's office!
Come outside with your hands up!
This is the Marion County
Sheriff's Office!
Come outside with your hands up!
Show me your hands.
Show me your hands. Turn around.
Turn around. Where's your gun at?
It's in my bedroom.
I don't know what's going on.
You'll be detained for now.
Is there
anybody else in the house?
-Can I just get...
-No. Not right now.
You're not under arrest.
You're being detained.
Come over here.
I'd like him to close the door.
I have two cats inside.
Female's detained. I need medics.
Suspect's detained.
Hey. med bag. get my med bag.
Start giving first aid.
Mom!
She needs medical aid.
Over there.
It should be in the big black thing.
I said I gave my iPad to her…
If y'all were here
when it happened.
just stand right here so I know
who was out here when it happened.
She tried to throw skates at me.
All right. bud. Give me a minute.
Just hang out by my car. okay?
-Where's she shot at?
-Right side of the chest.
Have we been advised
if there's anybody else in the house?
We have a critical here.
we were advised…
She's got a gunshot wound
to her right shoulder area.
You ready?
Marion County Sheriff's Office!
If you're inside. make it known now!
All right. we got three open doors.
I'm going to clear the bathroom first.
I have her kids.
Why would you shoot her?
Hey. bitch! Hello?
Because she was threatening me.
Clear in here.
Safety sweep.
Back in the street.
Everybody off the property.
onto the roadway.
Hey. there's
a little boy by my car.
He's the one that was the primary witness.
Okay.
-She should have been in jail.
-She should have.
Get yo ass
in this house now. Let's go.
Did you see him?
I didn't see him.
There's a little Black male.
His mom is the one that got shot.
I think he's over there.
Double check on that.
This is supposed to be
one of the kids that saw it?
I didn't see it.
but I have her kids.
Yeah.
-Where's Israel?
-Izzy. come here. baby.
Hi. Izzy.
Come here. buddy.
Is she all right?
They're doing
everything they can.
Is she moving?
-Yes. she's moving.
-I want to see.
She's going to the hospital.
So that way they can take better care
of her than what I can do here. okay?
At the hospital. they have
all the fancy machines
and equipment
that we don't get in the field.
All right? So you can't see her right now.
but as soon as we can.
we'll try to make that happen. okay?
You're being so strong.
Very proud of you.
So can you tell me what happened?
So I was going to get my tablet
from over there
because we was playing a game.
She had my tablet.
I said. "Put down my tablet."
The lady
in apartment three?
Yeah. she put it down and then
tried to throw the roller skates at me
and then I got my brother.
He said. "Throw the stuff at me.
throw the stuff at me."
And then she called both of us
a jack A-word.
And so I got my mother. she
kept on banging on the door. she shot her.
All right. Are you hurt?
-No. But my heart is broken.
-I know.
-I know. sweetheart.
-It's okay. baby.
It's going to be okay.
She's going to be okay.
Hey. this is Deputy Stringer
of the Marion County Sheriff's Office.
Is there any way you can come over here
to your ex's house with your children?
'Cause they need somebody right now.
Izzy. you good?
It's okay. honey.
Hey. okay.
It's okay. It's all right.
Daddy's here.
All right. Come here. Afrika.
It's okay.
The victim's children.
Where's Titus?
I haven't got any of that.
I was getting Afrika's information.
Hey. sir. I just need to get your
information and stuff real quick. okay?
Did y'all arrest the lady?
She was arrested. Yes. sir.
I'm gonna tell them. I'll tell them.
How are you going to tell that lady.
her mom?
I don't know.
We'll just take it one step at a time.
You guys are all first. then we'll…
That's Israel.
-Here is. uh. Izzy.
-Are you taking me?
I'm going to take you somewhere.
-Come on. Isaac.
-I'm sorry.
-Y'all got the baby.
-Yeah. the baby. He is right here.
Just hold him one second.
Okay. All right.
Today has been a very bad day.
Yes. something bad has happened.
And all y'all seen it.
Y'all understand it.
You all experienced it. right?
Okay. Y'all love me.
Okay. We all love Mom.
All right.
Well. I got some bad news to tell you.
Mom's not coming back anymore.
Come. Uh-uh. Come. come. come.
No. no. no. Come here.
Come over here. Listen to me.
No. no. I know.
Okay. It's okay. I know.
It's okay. I know. I'm sorry to tell you.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
She can't go!
It's all right.
You guys going to be okay.
You guys are all right.
Israel. I love you.
I love you. baby.
I'm so sorry. baby.
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. baby.
Come here. Izzy.
I love you. I'm sorry. my man.
Why?
Oh my God.
It's her mom.
Just relax. Pam.
At this point. there's nothing we can do.
I'm sorry.
-She didn't make it.
-Shut the fuck up.
Hold on.
She didn't make it.
Kingston. come here. She didn't make it.
It's okay. baby.
I'm sorry. Isaac.
Football. That's what
they play over there. Football.
I'm sorry. I'm sitting here
'cause I was freezing.
Oh. it is chilly in here. isn't it?
-Susan?
-Yes.
I'm Detective Stith.
This is Detective Peterson.
I'm trying to clarify all the events
that happened tonight
and to try to.
because really I only have.
you know. statements from people
that were out there.
And I would like
to get your side of things
and try to understand
what exactly happened tonight.
or last night now. I guess it is.
Good gravy.
Basically. the neighbors
were out there screaming. yelling.
The kids were running back and forth.
I had a miserable headache.
Went inside. laid down.
it finally got quiet.
I came outside
and the three boys were there.
I went. "Guys. you're trespassing.
come on. outta here."
And they were like.
"I'm going to tell my mom." you know.
Go tell your mom.
I don't care. you know?
-Have you had problems with them before?
-Oh my God. yes.
So. they go home.
and then all of a sudden. she comes out.
and she is banging on my door
like. go away.
I'm not dealing with you tonight.
And then she started banging so hard.
everything started shaking.
I'm like. "You really need to leave."
And she's.
"I'm going to fucking kill you."
And she's just banging away. banging away.
you know. and like …
And since she has actually harmed me.
It just keeps gettin' worse and worse.
I don't know what to do with her.
She banged so hard. it looked like
my door is going to fly off.
And that's. I just.
I panicked. and I was like.
"Oh my gosh. she's really going
to kill me this time." you know?
And so… I don't even actually
remember picking up the gun.
I just remember shooting.
How long do you think
she was hitting the door?
I don't know. I can't even speculate
'cause it could've been seconds.
It could have been… You know. when
you get that fear response and you know…
She banged on it. I was in the bathroom.
came out of the bathroom.
and she was still banging on it.
So. I don't know. maybe a minute or two.
And you didn't try to call 911
back at that time?
My phone wasn't there.
I didn't know where I put my phone.
You don't remember
where you put your phone?
No. I was like.
crap. I can't find my phone.
Okay. So. but you had
already contacted 911.
Did they advise you that
someone was responding?
-An officer was responding?
-Yes. They said someone was coming.
They said. "Lock the doors.
Don't go outside."
I was like. okay. you know. usual.
Okay. What was the deal
with the roller skates?
Because
we talked to a lot of people
who were outside
and witnessed some of this.
Oh. they keep leaving
all their toys around.
The other day.
I almost killed myself going out.
I had an early morning
doctor's appointment
and I didn't see the roller skate.
And I almost killed myself and
I'm like. guys. you know. stop already.
This is not your garbage yard. you know.
and the kid's got his roller skates there.
And I'm like. really.
take your roller skates.
And I threw the roller skates
like. go fetch 'em.
-You know. just. enough. because…
-Did you throw it at them?
-Oh God. no.
-Okay.
Now what is the thing about the umbrella?
You had an umbrella?
I thought it was raining
before and I walked out.
And it wasn't raining.
I'm like. okay. so…
Okay. And you. like. swung it at them
or something. or one of them?
It wasn't even close.
I was still inside the vestibule.
How can we explain that then?
With people saying. like. multiple people
that weren't like talking to each other.
that if they were saying that
that's what they saw.
I don't know.
Maybe I did step out.
and I'm like. guys. go away. go away.
-But I would never touch 'em.
-Okay.
Like. swat at them with it. but not…
Exactly. If I did.
it was probably because I was just so.
you know. like. come on!
But I know if… if you did.
but is that what happened?
I mean. we've got to
kind of get specific about this.
-Because it's a big deal.
-I understand.
-Someone's dead.
-Jesus Christ.
So that's why I say it's important
to be specific and honest
about. about. about everything.
As far as our training.
when we have to go through
making a judgment decision
where we have to…
might have to pull the trigger.
We have to know what we're firing at
is a deadly threat or what
we recognize as a deadly threat.
So. my question is.
how do you know what you're firing at
when you're firing through a door
that you can't see through.
when you don't know if there's
also a child outside standing there?
Or. I mean. basically. I'm asking you.
what were you aiming at
and what were you intending to do
when you fired that gun?
I was just fearful of my life.
I was just like. go away. go away.
That's all I could think of. was just
get out of the situation.
you know. just go away already.
Is there anything else
that you can think of
that I didn't ask or that might be helpful
for figuring this all out?
I've never been in this situation before.
This is all new.
and it's… it's killing me.
Okay. All right. Susan.
give me just a minute.
And I'll be right with you. okay?
Susan.
All right. I talked to the State Attorney.
the prosecutor
for the State Attorney's office.
They are along the same lines
of what we're thinking.
We're going to continue the investigation.
I don't think it's safe
for you to go back to that house.
I don't think so either.
But what we can do
is provide you with a ride back there.
You're going to gather
some of your things and go to a hotel.
-Is that correct?
-Yes.
Thank you.
Several days after
the mother was shot and killed
in front of her young children.
her family is demanding
the shooter be arrested and charged.
This. while the sheriff says
he's dedicated
his best detectives to the case.
adding he. too. would be upset
if someone threw an object
at or towards his kids.
Somebody threw something
at my child. I'd be pissed off.
Marion County
Sheriff Billy Woods.
saying his detectives are still
in the early stages
of conducting interviews.
Are you aware
that someone was shot?
Yeah. yeah. And that…
I never expected that but it doesn't
surprise me because she was a live wire.
-Who is that?
-Susan.
The lady that was shot.
was she a Black lady?
She lived right across the street.
She was always very nice to me.
Is she okay?
-Or did she pass?
-I can't really say.
I could tell by your eyes.
And she's got little kids.
Knowing that
your friend is gone for life.
Knowing her babies won't
kiss her at night. that hurts.
Oldest two boys. they feel guilty.
I mean. one stated that
if he had never left his tablet behind.
that his mother would still be here.
First oldest feels guilty because he
wasn't able to perform CPR on his mom.
You know.
no child should feel like. you know.
I couldn't save someone.
let alone their mom.
I'm just hurt and. like.
almost feeling a little guilt.
And I'm telling her to just leave it alone
when it's just festering
and building with this woman
or giving her more time
and. you know. opportunity
to do what she did.
Family members say
Owens' neighbor who fired the gun
should be arrested for murder.
As a mother.
the protector of her children.
she wanted to know why this happened.
All right. Susan. I put
all those items in your purse. okay?
Okay.
They're on the hood of the car.
Again. we're just trying
to make sure you're safe and everything.
-Understood.
-But just please call…
I'm going to give you a key to my house.
And it's a spare that I have.
Will you please lock
both top and bottom. all right?
-No justice…
-No peace!
A mother has lost her life
for being a mother.
Where is the justice in that?
No peace!
Nothing changes!
Marion County
has become a national focus tonight
after the shooting of a Black woman
by her white neighbor last Friday.
Many people today protested
the lack of an arrest
in the shooting of Ajike Owens.
Everybody should
watch out for glass.
It's dangerous in Aunt Susie's house.
Yeah. this doesn't mean
they get to break her shit.
No.
but I also can't prove who did it.
Which is kind of the problem.
Sorry. One cat to go and then I'm done.
Guns are very dangerous.
Well. yeah. sadly.
they made quite a mess.
And I…
I cleaned it up the best I could.
Sorry. I just need to get him
and we can leave.
Thank you so much for doing this.
Yeah. Of course.
Y'all drive safe.
Justice for AJ!
Justice for her children!
Justice for her community!
Marion County
Sheriff Billy Woods
has said he cannot make an arrest
while the sheriff's department
investigates whether this meets
the criteria of Florida's
Stand Your Ground law.
Florida has a Stand Your Ground law
that permits the use of deadly force
if there is a presumption of fear.
When is it okay in America
to shoot someone behind a locked door?
We need answers. We need an arrest.
There's evidence that's being gathered.
There are things being looked at.
There are warrants being executed.
She's supposed to be in jail.
It's important to wait
for the evidence to come back.
We understand that process. but why
isn't she in jail while this process…
Because if it was us. we would be in jail
while y'all doing this process.
They got to my dishes. Nice.
-They're screaming over there.
-I know. I can hear 'em.
Treat that little boy
the way you treat our kids.
I'm going to go talk to them.
Can y'all stay over there?
Just don't talk to them.
-I know you're upset. okay?
-Everybody's upset.
She's going to end up in jail.
so it don't matter. but everybody's upset.
Listen. I'm going to be honest.
She shouldn't even be in the street.
She murdered this lady.
Okay. listen. I'll be honest with you.
I'm here because she called me up.
Because she knows better
than to be out here alone.
That's why she gots people with her.
Because she knows.
Okay. but listen. Listen to me.
See what happened to the lady house?
Just make my life
a little bit easier. okay?
-Your life easier?
-I'm not...
Make your life easier?
You fucking kidding me?
I'm not here to start anything with you.
or to start anything with her.
Okay? You guys don't need to be
arguing in the street.
She ain't
gonna come to the street!
Sat in her fucking house. didn't even
open the door and shot through it!
You're disgusting!
-You up?
-Yeah. I am.
Mine's turned off.
I should probably turn it on.
They were here earlier.
Dumb fucking bitch!
Look at that bitch.
She gets to fucking...
It's just as cold in here.
-All right. Give us just a couple minutes.
-Okay.
Detective Ryan Stith.
the date is Tuesday. June 6. 2023.
at 8:31 p.m.
I'm gonna attempt an interview
at the Marion County Sheriff's Office
Central Operations Complex
with Susan Lorincz.
Okey do key.
Susan. I appreciate
you coming back in and talking with us.
Some of the things. like I said.
we're just trying to clarify.
That's fine.
Has anything like this ever
happened to you before.
where someone was trying to break
into the house and hurt you or something?
-No. not like this.
-No. nothing like that.
Nothing like that's
ever happened to you before.
I just wanted to see
if there was a similar experience.
We talked about unreported sexual abuse.
We talked about domestic violence.
We talked about whenever you were robbed
once of something by some men.
But then we're talking about
what happened there today.
And this woman. that…
that she passed away.
You said that she had…
you guys had yelled at each other
three or four times in about
a year and a half to two years.
-Is that right?
-Yes.
Is there any reason why anybody
would have any video or anything like that
of you saying. like. the N-word?
Or is there any reason
why someone would have that?
I have no idea.
And if I did let it go. I'm sorry.
I mean. it could have slipped out.
What… be honest. What context
would it slip out. you think?
I mean. what would happen
for you to say something like that?
Um. if they were being extraordinarily
rude. or if they were just…
I was always taught
the N-word meant that
you were just being unlawful.
you know. dirty.
I don't know.
generally not being pleasant.
When Ajike was at the door.
how many times did she…
-Was it just like. one. or was it several…
-No. it was bang. bang. bang.
Okay. All right. And then you said…
You said you asked her. who's there?
Okay. And what was said then?
Good gravy. I think she said. "Why do you
speak to my children this way?"
And I said. "Listen.
I'm not going to speak to you. go away."
You know. if she had a problem.
she should have called you guys.
Honestly. I mean. if she really thought
there was something seriously wrong.
I don't understand why she just came over
and just started pounding on my door
and. you know. screaming and yelling.
And then what happened.
after you said to go away?
Go away. and then it got quiet for a bit.
And then she started really banging.
you know. just pounding on that door.
She was relentless.
How long is a bit. would you say?
Like. five or ten seconds or two minutes?
It was a…
it was an extended period of time.
-Probably 20 to 30 seconds. easily.
-Okay.
All right. And then when it became silent.
at that first round
of beating on your door.
where did. where were you at then?
-Did you go…
-I went to wash my hands. honestly.
Because I didn't know who was at the door
and I wanted to know.
-And then I was…
-Okay.
-So I went back and washed my hands.
So that's during the time
where it was kind of quiet.
you thought that maybe she went away.
Okay.
You were washing your hands
in the bathroom.
and then the pounding
and the yelling started again.
and you went to the kitchen.
what were you doing in the kitchen?
I was looking for my phone.
I put my phone down somewhere.
and I started panicking.
I started searching for the phone.
and then she just kept
banging and banging.
"I'm gonna kill you."
You know. "Get out of here!"
You know. like… I have nowhere to go.
I mean. I was in the kitchen.
there was the sliders.
and the sliders are always locked
and just that one door.
So there's no escape. I couldn't leave.
I couldn't get out of there.
I was like. Jesus Christ.
And she was pounding so hard.
the mirror on my wall was shaking.
Okay. when she started
pounding on the door again
and saying all that stuff
to the point where you fired the gun.
how long do you think that that lasted?
-Two to five minutes.
Everything's kind of… it was a while.
I mean. it was a while.
I kept thinking. okay.
you guys are going to show up.
you know. because I called earlier
and no one was coming.
No one was coming. I'm like. shit.
Couldn't find my phone.
And she was just banging and banging.
screaming at me.
Telling me. "I'm gonna kill you."
I'm like. she's really going to kill me
this time. That's all I kept thinking.
she's literally going
to come in this house and kill me.
Let me ask you this.
Maybe this can kind of help us
get a better time frame.
From the time that you called 911.
"These kids are on my property again.
They are yelling." You know…
What happened that first 911 call.
that time that you hung up with 911?
How long before she showed up and she was
pounding on the door after you hung up?
-Ten minutes.
-Ten minutes? Okay.
So about ten minutes
after you disconnected.
and they said.
"Hey. we have deputies on the way…"
Ten minutes after that is when
she started pounding on your door.
If we were to look through
everything in your phone.
or your home desktop computer.
is there anything.
kind of research
on your internet history that would show
that you've done research
on like self-defense?
-Ever heard the term Stand Your Ground?
-Yes.
Have you ever done
any kind of research on that?
Yes. when it was mentioned on...
Some guy shot someone
at a convenience store.
and they said Stand Your Ground laws.
-Was that like a Florida situation?
-Yes.
'Cause I know every state
has kind of different laws.
-I think it was Florida.
-Okay.
-And when was that?
-God. years ago.
-That was years ago?
-Yeah. that was years ago.
So. nothing recent that would be
on like your internet browser history?
-I looked at it today.
-You looked at it today?
'Cause that's when I was on Facebook.
Just some things that.
they had it up on Facebook.
Susan. I think you know
the reason why I'm asking that question.
You're smart. okay?
-And the reason is...
-Oh. hell no.
No. absolutely.
I know what you're thinking.
Did I look up the laws
so I could do something?
No. Absolutely not.
This is not a situation
where you set something up
because you were tired of this person?
You were tired of the situation
that they had put you in.
We kind of went through
your first interview.
and in that first interview.
you had even said to the kids.
-"You know what? Go get your mom."
-No. I didn't.
You said something along the lines of
when they said.
"I'm going to go get my mom…"
-You said. "Go get her."
-"Go get her."
Which is fine.
I'd want to talk to an adult too.
I don't want to talk to a kid.
I don't remember saying that.
So when someone calls 911.
as soon as that call goes
to our communication center. it logs it.
Gives us a time stamp.
Hour. minute. second
from the very first time
that call was received
to the time it's disconnected. okay?
And that's for every single time
someone calls.
So the first time when you called 911
talking about the boys out there
trespassing and things of that…
-So. that call started at 8:54 p.m.
-Mm-hm.
Does that sound about right?
Yes. I really wasn't looking at the clock.
I just remember calling.
That's what time it says
on our call center.
And the call lasted for five minutes
and it disconnected at 8:59.
Deputies were on the way. Okay.
Now. you estimated
that it was approximately ten minutes
after you disconnected
until AJ started pounding on your door.
Is that correct? Is that right? Okay.
So. the second 911 call where you called.
"Lady was banging on my door."
"I shot her through the door."
That call came into our call center.
It was received at 9:01.
which is two minutes after you hung up
with the communication center
the first time.
So that's two minutes
that all these things
that you say occurred
happened at your front door.
From pounding and pounding and pounding.
"I'm going to kill you." all these things.
within two minutes.
she showed up at your front door.
and did all these things
to the time that you pulled the trigger.
went and found your phone
and then called 911.
So… and that's why I'm trying to get…
To me. it seemed like that amount of time.
That's why I thought
it was that amount of time.
Well. so clearly. we've established
that that was not true.
that that's not the case.
But that's what you felt it was.
So you also told me that
that's what you heard.
that she was going to kill you.
Is it possible that she did not say that.
and that's what you heard or you believe.
just like you believed there was
ten minutes between those calls?
I just thought she said.
"I'm going to kill you."
Are you the Susan
that has done research on
Stand Your Ground
and has planned for this to happen.
was planning for this to happen?
There's a spectrum here.
Is this the Susan over here?
And then there's also…
could be a Susan over here
that was. "I have a gun in the house.
I'm scared.
someone is knocking on the door.
I'd like them to go away."
"I'm just going to… Oh. I picked up
the gun and I accidentally shot the gun."
There's a Susan
somewhere in the world like that.
You've somehow found a spot in the middle
where you're trying to explain this.
but it doesn't actually make any sense.
So this is your opportunity
to actually tell us
that something that does make sense.
I'm not going to hold it against you.
I'm not going to get mad.
But whenever AJ was coming over
that evening…
What… what happened? What happened?
Bring me to that moment
when you had the gun in your hand.
What were you thinking?
All I wanted her… was to go away.
I just. you know. I felt she was gonna
come through that door and kill me.
I'm sorry. That's what I felt.
I just felt she was going to come
through the door and kill me.
It was a tremendous fear.
-Do you feel bad for what happened?
-Oh. Christ. yes.
Let me ask you this.
You said that you went on Facebook today.
I can only imagine that
at some point you may have seen
some of the news
dealing with this case and this story.
-Yes.
-Okay. What kind of stuff did you see?
I threw a tablet at the child.
I said all kinds of things
that I never said.
You know what I saw?
I saw four kids
that no longer have a mother.
And… I'm not taking away
how you were treated.
But those are children nonetheless. right?
And now they don't have a mother
to go home to.
And I think you know
what you did was wrong.
I think you know that there were already
deputies on the way.
But there were times I called
and deputies never showed up.
I understand. It's been two minutes. so…
To me. it wasn't two minutes.
To me. it was much longer.
In my mind. it just felt like…
But there's only one reality
where time exists.
and I understand perception of time
can be different for different people.
But in the reality of things.
you had just disconnected.
Within two minutes.
a shot was fired through that door.
There's no way
to justify that in my mind.
I don't think in Detective Pinder's mind
and clearly in other people's minds
that we discussed this case with.
the State Attorney. our legal counsel.
and things like that.
So. I mean…
At this point.
we've discussed it with the state
and they are on the same terms
as far as charging you with manslaughter.
-Okay?
-Okay.
I don't know what to say.
just… I was in fear for my life.
I mean. honest to God. I just feared
she was going to come through that door.
I'm sorry. That's how I felt.
I can't change the way I felt.
I mean. it was sheer terror on my part.
I mean. honest to God.
I was like. I was shaking.
So. one of the things I want to ask.
because at the point where I did let you
know and informed you. you know. what…
What had ultimately happened to AJ
after that shooting.
you know. that she had passed away.
And obviously. she has four kids.
And. you know.
I was observing the interviews
that were conducted with them
and the emotions
that they were going through.
And you shared
some of those same emotions
at points through
the conversations that we had.
And I just want to. like.
obviously. I can't let you talk to them
or give a message to them.
like. face-to-face.
But I would like. it's up to you
if you would like to write them a letter
or something to kind of. you know.
whatever's on your mind or in your heart.
You don't have to.
We're just going to
leave a notepad and a pen in the room.
Obviously. we have some paperwork to do.
so we're going to have
to step out for. to do that.
and obviously talk to our boss.
I offer it to everybody.
that we can't let them talk to.
-So it's just something we do.
-I understand.
So. if you'd like to do that.
We're going to get
that paperwork going like he said.
But that's where the state's at right now.
that's where we're at.
I'll talk to you a little bit more
about that in just a minute.
But if you'd like to write on something.
it's right there. okay?
All right. Susan. All right. we're going
to have you go with this deputy here.
-No.
-I'm sorry?
-No. what?
-I can't.
-What's wrong? What's goin' on?
I just can't. I'm sorry. I can't do this.
I mean. we're. unfortunately.
we're to that point where
that's what's going to happen.
Obviously. this isn't a conviction.
This is you being charged.
and then you're going
to have your day in court
to present your side of the story.
Okay. so you're
going to go with this deputy.
No. I'm not.
-You're going to be booked in.
-No. I'm not.
-And fingerprinted.
-No.
They're going to take your pictures
and then you will have
an arraignment in the morning.
I'm not going. I'm sorry.
There's a phone down there.
You'll be able
to call whoever you need to call.
-Right there in booking.
-I'm not going.
But. um… Susan. you… we are going.
There's no changing that now.
You're under arrest.
In fact. we can probably go ahead
and put handcuffs on her.
Let's get you handcuffed.
-Stand up.
-No. Don't touch me.
-Stand up. Susan.
-No. No. Sorry. I can't.
It can go one of two ways. It can go
an easy way or a really hard way.
-I'm sorry.
-We don't want it to go the hard way.
-I'm so sorry.
-Susan. put yourself in our position.
There's no choice in this.
You're going over there.
I'm sorry. I can't do this.
Susan. you understand that
from the point
of the story that you've given us.
that by refusing and resisting.
that it's making you look bad. okay?
I'm sorry. I don't feel good.
I can't do this.
Okay. well. they have
medical staff over there.
-So they can assist you.
-There is a nurse right in the front.
You give them the prescription medications
that you're taking.
all of that. they will assist you
in making sure that
you get the care you need.
-No. I can't do this.
-We're going over there. okay?
-You're going to go over there.
-I just can't do this.
-Okay. well…
-Come on. Susan. stand up.
-We don't have time to debate.
-I can't do this.
Okay. but you understand
that you're under arrest
and you're going to be taken
to the jail one way or another. okay?
-I don't care.
-Susan.
I just can't do this. I'm sorry.
What you're saying
and doing right now is not reasonable.
I know it's not.
-There's been people…
-I just can't do this.
When you say you know it's not reasonable.
that doesn't make sense to me.
I understand.
I just can't do this. I'm sorry.
Okay. then this is why
we're in this position here. Susan.
is because the decisions you make
are not reasonable.
Just like what
we're experiencing right now.
I just can't do this. I can't do this.
I've had people sit in this chair
that have done things.
and they get up.
they walk out on their own accord.
They've done some really bad things.
Okay? You're not the only person.
but I need you to...
I just feel horrible. I can't do this.
Okay. Well. we're going to go to the jail.
There's no changing this.
There's no stopping it.
I don't care. Kill me.
We're not going to kill anybody.
We're going to take you to the jail.
We'd rather you walk on your own.
we rather you just walk down there.
It'd be so much better for everybody
if we could just walk down there.
-Can you just stand up for me?
-No.
So what. do you plan on
sitting here the rest of the night?
I don't know what I'm going to do.
Probably going to die of a heart attack.
Like I said. they have medical staff.
We want to be able to get you over there.
The quicker we get you over there.
the quicker someone over there
that's in medical can see you.
I just can't do this.
Susan. this is what's going to happen.
We're going to put you in handcuffs.
And if we have
to forcefully bring you out there.
that's what we have to do.
because we're obligated
to take you to the jail now. okay?
-Thank you for standing up.
-I'm sorry. I just…
I understand that.
So put your hands behind your back for me.
Thank you. Susan.
I didn't do this on purpose.
This wasn't a purposeful act.
I did not premeditate it.
I didn't do anything like that.
This is ridiculous.
We're going to go out this way…
"I am so sorry for your loss.
I never meant to kill your mother."
"I was terrified
your mom was going to kill me."
"I shot…
Out of fear."
This is Sheriff Woods.
And although I haven't spoke
to y'all directly.
I have made y'all a promise.
And I'm here to make the phone call
that we have arrested.
the lady. the shooter.
She is in custody.
I am Ajike's mother.
You may look at her
and say she didn't have much.
She had it all.
She had love. She had compassion.
She had four beautiful children.
Don't grow up feelin' guilty.
Don't say Mama wouldn't
have died if it wasn't for me. no.
Mama chose to stand up for you.
Because Mama knew
if she allowed people to degrade you
and she'd not stand up for you.
that you'd grow up with a feeling that
you were something that could be degraded.
She chose you over her.
That's what mothers do.
I want you to go
and be everything she wanted you to be.
The night that it happened.
I fell asleep in my auntie's car.
And when I was dreaming.
she appeared as an angel.
Members of the jury.
you have been selected and sworn
as a jury to try the case
The State of Florida
versus Susan Louise Lorincz.
Susan Lorincz is charged
with manslaughter by use of a firearm.
Did you ever see Isaac
and Izzy's mom reach for the door handle?
No.
Did you ever hear Isaac and Izzy's mom
say. "I'm going to kill you"?
No.
At any time.
did you ever hear
Isaac and Izzy's mom say.
"I'm going to kill you"?
No. sir.
There have been shootings
in that neighborhood before?
-Objection. Irrelevance.
-Yes.
Sustained.
It's like a plastic-looking sign.
it's not really cardboard.
that you buy at the store
with a metal stake.
And Miss Owens told you
that she said to Susan on that night.
"The next time you walk up on my kids.
"you're going to have
to take it up with me." right?
Correct.
Have you ever
personally told any of those children
they weren't allowed to do that?
I have not.
And why wouldn't you be able to do that?
-It's not my property.
-Okay.
The photograph 12
Is just a close-up of those two skates.
Yes. it is.
I don't know where she is.
I'm still in my house.
I didn't open my door to her.
When I arrived on scene.
it was complete chaos.
I saw the victim laying on the ground.
and several people
were stating that she was shot.
Did you look
to see if there was any damage
to the exterior of the door itself
besides the bullet hole?
I did not see
anything of significance.
Did you locate anything
of significance in that trash can
underneath the marker number three?
There were two firearms.
This is the firearm.
If the evidence shows
something different
than what you're saying.
it doesn't look good.
Did you force her
or threaten her in any way
to get her to talk to you
the second time on June 6th?
No. sir.
Which is two minutes
after you hung up
with the communication center
the first time.
So that's two minutes
that all these things
that you say occurred
happened at your front door.
This case
basically requires you as a jury
to answer one question.
Was it reasonable to shoot through
a closed. locked. dead-bolted metal door
at someone who was banging
and yelling on the other side?
That's the ultimate question in this case.
If you are anywhere
along this chart
other than the red part at the bottom.
you have to find Susan Lorincz not guilty.
I'm gonna have the clerk
read the verdict.
The verdict as in count one.
We the jury find
as to count one of the charge
the defendant is guilty of manslaughter.
Did the state prove
beyond a reasonable doubt that
during the commission of the offense.
the defendant personally used a firearm?
Yes. So say we all.
dated the 16th day of August. 2024.
Miss Lorincz. the jury has found
you guilty of manslaughter with a firearm.
You're going to be held in custody
at the Marion County jail without bond.
Okay? Thank you and good luck to you.
Thank you. Judge.
May we be excused?
-Yes. ma'am.
-Thank you.
My baby! Thank you. Jesus!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm